
Privacy Policy

Yanli Yuan has built the PictureX application as a commercial application. This service is provided by Yanli Yuan and is used as is.

If someone decides to use our service, this page is used to inform visitors about our policy on the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
If you choose to use our service, you are consenting to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve our services. We will not use or share your information with anyone other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from PictureX.

Information Collection and Use 

In order to have a better experience when using our services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information such as username, address, location, pictures, and the personal information we collect will remain on your device and will not be collected by us in any way / [we retain and use as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Recording Information
We would like to inform you that whenever you use our Services, we collect data and information through a phone call (through a third party product) called log data if there is an error in the application. This log data may contain information such as your device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, 
the configuration of the application at the time you used our Service, the time and date you used the Service. and other statistical information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of data that are typically used as anonymous unique identifiers. This information is sent to your browser from the website you visit and is stored in the device's memory.
The Service does not explicitly use these "cookies". However, the Application may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve its services. You can choose whether to accept or reject these cookies and know when a cookie is sent to your device. If you choose to reject our cookies, you may not be able to use certain parts of the Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals for the following reasons.
Promoting our services.
To provide the Services on our behalf.
Performing services related to the Services; or
to help us analyze how to use our Services.
We wish to inform users of this service that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obliged not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your personal information, and therefore we are working to protect your personal information using commercially acceptable methods. Please keep in mind, however, that no method of transmission or electronic storage on the Internet is 100% secure or reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
The Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you read the privacy policies of these sites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
The Services are not directed at anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you know that a child has provided personal information to us, please contact us so that we can take the necessary steps.
Changes to this Privacy Policy

PictureX Unlimited Edition Experience
A PictureX Unlimited subscription costs $0.99/week or $34.99/month and gives you access to tools that give you a photo studio in your pocket. 
PictureX Unlimited eligibility gives you no watermarks, gradient colors for backgrounds, and ongoing updates with new features. Subscriptions automatically renew at the end of each term (monthly or week depending on the subscription) unless cancelled 24 hours in advance. Subscription fees are billed to your iTunes account at the time of purchase confirmation. You can go to Settings after purchase to manage your subscriptions and turn off automatic renewal. 
Cancellation of current subscriptions is not allowed during the campaign period. 
Payment will be credited to your iTunes account at the time of purchase confirmation. The account will be charged for the renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period and will determine the cost of renewal. Any unused portion of the free trial period (if provided) will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to the publication (if applicable).

We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, we recommend that you check this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-06-10
If you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, Contacting us (picturex@126.com)
