Terms and Conditions
By downloading or using the application, these terms will automatically apply to you - so please ensure that you read these terms carefully before using the application. You may not copy or modify the Application, any part of the Application or our trademarks in any way. You are not authorized to attempt to extract the source code of the Application, nor to attempt to translate the Application into other languages or to make derivative versions. The application itself, and all trademarks, copyrights, database copyrights and other intellectual property rights associated with it, remain the property of Yanli Yuan.
Yanli Yuan Ma is committed to ensuring that the application is as useful and efficient as possible. Therefore, we reserve the right to make changes to the application or charge for its services at any time and for any reason. We will not charge you for the application or its services unless you specify to us what you are paying for.
The PictureX application stores and processes the personal data you provide to us and brakes the provision of our services. It is your responsibility to ensure that your phone and access to the application is secure. Therefore, we recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It may leave your phone vulnerable to malware/virus/malicious programs that could compromise your phone's security features, which may mean that the PictureX application does not work properly or at all.
You should be aware that PictureX will not be held liable in certain circumstances. Certain features of the application will require that the application have a valid Internet connection. This connection may be wireless or provided by your mobile network provider, but if you do not have access to Wi-Fi, and PictureX cannot be held responsible for features of the application that do not work properly. Any remaining data allowance for you.
If you use the application outside of a Wi-Fi zone, remember that the terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, your mobile service provider may charge you data charges or other third-party fees for the duration of your connection while you are accessing the Application. When using the Application, you will be responsible for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the Application outside of your home territory (i.e., region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the payer of the device on which the application is being used.
Likewise, Yanli Yuan cannot always be held responsible for the way you use the application, i.e., you need to ensure that the device is kept charged - Yanli Yuan cannot be held responsible if the device's battery is depleted and cannot be turned on to use the service.
Regarding Yanli Yuan's responsibility for your use of the application, when you use the application, it is important to keep in mind that while we make every effort to ensure that updates and corrections are always available, we do rely on third parties to provide us with information so that we can provide you with information. liability.
At some point, we may wish to update the app. The application is currently available on iOS - the requirements of the system (and other systems we decide to extend its availability) may change and you will need to download the update if you wish to continue using the application. [developer/company name] does not guarantee that it will always update the application to be relevant to you and/or to work with the version of iOS already installed on your device. However, you warrant that it will always accept updates to the Application when provided to you and that we may wish to discontinue providing the Application and may terminate it at any time without notice to you of such termination. Unless we advise otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you under these Terms will terminate; and (b) you must cease using the Application and, if required, remove it from your device.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions.
These terms and conditions are effective as of 2021-03-13
If you have any questions or suggestions about our terms and conditions, Contacting us (picturex@126.com).
